[All Hosts] (auth) SSO not supported in 'Edit in Teams' (#1629)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: docs/requirement-sets/common/identity-api-requirement-sets.md

---
title: Identity API requirement sets
description: Identity API requirement set information for Office Add-ins.
ms.date: 07/07/2023
ms.topic: overview

> ms.prod: non-product-specific
> 

Reviewer: No more need for ms.prod. We now use ms.service and it's handled in the [docfx.json](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference/blob/main/docs/docfx.json) unless you want to override its value at the file level. The default ms.service value for this file found in the docfx is microsoft-365.

```suggestion
```

> \* Currently, the IdentityAPI 1.3 requirement set is supported in Office on the web only for documents that are opened from Microsoft SharePoint Online and OneDrive.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>

> > - Regardless of the platform, the Identity API requirement set isn't supported if the Office document is opened from the **Files** tab of a Teams channel using the **Edit in Teams** option on the **Open** drop down menu.

Reviewer: Per [style guide](https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2700&topicid=28800), this should be dropdown

```suggestion
> - Regardless of the platform, the Identity API requirement set isn't supported if the Office document is opened from the **Files** tab of a Teams channel using the **Edit in Teams** option on the **Open** dropdown menu.
```
